Iron What is one thing I
frighten of everything well here is a
book of scary stories long ago i
dragons were considered the most beings
fearsome but then discovered that everything is not
they were so clumsy for today
fear but then realized they were
harmless to meet witches at night
vultures is not pleasant but here's the thing
more horrifying mad polluter no
really
but look at how it changes when sitting at
car wheel then comes
taken from an irrepressible craving of
get noticed by people especially from
girls and olivia where they go are standing
when they made the distribution of
brains I say what you try to do
clever inspire the wrinkles of the
skin road signs are placed there
to avoid confusion therefore go
studied very carefully
stop your impetus never say what to do
to those behind
you could find yourself a good driver
always look at all the traffic signs
that he meets along the idiot way
incompetent and you will pay for it
public
who taught you to drive live
well ends is not absolutely
unpresentable
here is another one that guides following i
his thoughts but that give bikes and eni
that you know I've never driven in
so wrong in my whole life like that
roma look what happens to this
type proceeds to the left lane
which should be reserved for
overtaking in this way prevents a
all the maneuver is the one behind it
try to make her move she is convinced
to deal with a parrot
insolent
there is only one thing to do with this
guy
who should believe in people I did not know
that she was there and now here are two
proud that they are always fighting among each other
their
the sprinter and if
of course a traffic light generally not
to the use of reason
yet there are a lot more
clever of all sprinters
I can tell you something doesn't seem so much
sly
you know I tell you that you have everything right
another driver to avoid the tail
tore the tour queue and hates to observe the
Safety distance between if that is what
that precedes it and so who is the most
as close as possible and when they queue up
a whole lot all go together to form
a kind of train that is so much more
dangerous the stronger they go
this because each of them relies on
what's ahead and everyone is
naturally convinced that mine
public is always a born driver
awake to the art a prerogative eyewear
and born of the head and who deserves the
applause from his fellow citizens
thank you for your adept
apparently said the la
long line be a little short I hope
to have taught you something good
willy
whoever bets I'll never turn out but my 35
above 200 per hour